COMPARISON OF
AR/MR/VR


AUGMENTEDREALITY (AU)
1.Augmented reality is field of computer research which deals with the combination of real -
world and computer generated data.
2.current use in aircraft, automobile and other applications.
3. AR is the most accessible reality technology, as people can use their smartphones or tablets 
to run augmented reality applications.
4.AR apps use a phone camera to capture the real world; virtual objects are then overlaid and
users can see them on their smartphone screen.
5.Augmented reality holds immense potential to create ground-breaking experiences in gaming 
and entertainment. As an AR game development company with vast experience in reality 
technologies, juego studios designs and develops fun and exciting augmented reality games for 
mobile, smart glasses and headsets.


MIXED REALITY(MR)
1. A Mixed Reality (MR) experience, which combines elements of both AR and 
VR, Mixed Reality (MR), it's technology that blends physical reality and the 
digital world closely together.
2. In mixed reality, you interact with and manipulate both physical and virtual 
items and environments, using next-generation sensing and imaging 
technologies.
3. Mixed Reality allows you to see and immerse yourself in the world around 
you even as you interact with a virtual environment using your own hands—
all without ever removing your headset.
4. Mixed reality is sometimes also referred to as hybrid reality or extended 
reality (XR).• Although mixed reality is still in the early stages, it is already 
being used in many industries for educational purposes.


VIRTUAL REALITY (VR)
1. VR gaming is the term used to describe a new generation of computer games with virtual 
reality (VR) technology that gives players a truly immersive, first-person perspective of game 
action. Participants both experience and influence the game environment through a variety of 
VR gaming devices and accessories, including VR headsets, sensor-equipped gloves, hand 
controllers, and more.
2. Virtual reality games can be played on standalone systems, specialized game consoles, or using 
advanced laptops and PCs that can power the leading VR headsets such as Oculus Rift, HTC 
Vive, and Lenovo Mirage Solo.
3. subsets of virtual reality gaming that use related technologies called augmented reality (AR) 
and mixed reality (MR), where virtual elements are placed into the player's real world as 
viewed through a headset or camera.
4. Lenovo Explorer uses the Windows Mixed Reality platform which, though still quiteVRfocused, introduces new AR and MR experiences.
5.VR game might involve a 3-D image that can be explored interactively on a computing device 
by manipulating keys, mouse or touchscreen.
6.More sophisticated and immersive examples include VR headsets, wrap-around display 
screens and VR rooms augmented with wearable computers and sensory components, such as 
scents and haptics devices for tactile feedback.
